.\" Note: make sure we know which command we're going to have in the install script.
.\" Note: add support for regular ls args (-l, -a, etc.)
.\"
.\" aarikpokras/ls-rep Man Page
.\"
.\" Licensed under the
.\" MIT License
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 2023 Aarik Pokras
.\" 
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
.\" in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
.\" to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
.\" copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\" 
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
.\" copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
.\" OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
.\" SOFTWARE.
.\" 
.\"

.TH LS\-REP 1 "2023-11-28" "1.0" "ls-rep Man Page"
.SH NAME
ls-rep \- A replacement for \fIls\fR(1) for macOS that supports color.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBls-rep\fR [directory | option]
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fIdirectory\fR
.br
.TP
\fB\-\-color\fR[=yes | =always]
Set color to \fIon\fR for \fBls-rep\fR. \fIAlways\fR support coming soon.
.br
.TP
\fB\-\-color\fR[=no | =never]
Set color to \fIoff\fR for \fBls-rep\fR.
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.ad
\fBls-rep\fR does not accept most of the arguments that \fIls\fR(1) does. Support for that is coming soon.
If a file is passed as an argument, \fBls-rep\fR displays that file.
If a directory is passed as an argument, \fBls-rep\fR displays the contents of that directory.
If no arguments are passed, \fBls-rep\fR displays the contents of the current directory in color.
.br
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug, please contact \fIme@aarikpokras.com\fR or submit an issue on the GitHub page.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fIls\fR(1)
